<!-- TITLE: Rush Crosix -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Founder, CEO -->

# The Origins of Rush Crosix
Tens of thousands of years ago a wormhole in the New Eden system of the Genesis region of the New Eden cluster collapsed. This event was the start of life anew in the New Eden cluster. While most know that this event shaped the history of life in New Eden another side effect is the birth of an entity that has until now been overlooked. Unnoticed by the masses, a capsule sized piece of this debris a new consciousness was born. Some would call this entity a demon, or some sort of f#@ked up god, both of these descriptors however are apt. We now call this entity Rush Crosix. As the ages past civilzations rose and fell, the Talocan, the Jove, all these races grew, explored, fought, and died, beneath the cold assesing gaze of the unborn demon of death and wanton destruction, but it was not yet time for him to take corporeal form. As the four modern civilizations of New Eden grew, Rush saw in them the potential of blood and violence that the early races lacked. In YC 117 a cruel and capricious god emerged from its cocoon of debris after ages adrift through the cosmos, Rush Crosix was born a capsuleer his reign of tyranny and destruction has finally begun.
# Early Career
In YC 117 Rush Crosix as capsuleer first took to the interstellar space of New Eden. Flying with fellow capsuleer and friend in realities beyond New Eden Stefan Nukem. As he flew he sought knowledge in all areas he could from all groups that he could including, but not limited to: The Pirates of Naragon, Brave Newbies Inc., and Murloc Defense Force. Unfortunately he could not find the knowledge he sought, and his mere presense caused consternation amongst his peers (any true believer could of course tell you this was due to his nature as a fledging deity). Disappointed Rush retired to Korama in Lonetrek to reflect.
# Founding The Black Crow Bandits
In YC 118 Rush took up his mantle of destiny to grow, learn, teach, and burn all that he could. On YC 118.09.04 The Black Crow Bandits was founded. Seeking new capsuleers with low skill points that he could influence, mold, and form into an elite force of destruction. Rush used his unholy powers of persuasion to recuit dozens of capsuleers and began his vision by extorting high security corporations. Rush waiting, biding his and the corp's time, before moving to null security space, which they finally did when Rush moved to Querious with Sarcos Federation.
# Roles
# Experiences
